does anyone really think I would send a
message to vegan cheetah saying I used
to look up to you look at the very top
of screenshot it says I used to look up
to you and it's not even grammatically
correct its I use I used to look up to
you that that does not seem like
something I would say in a private
message sent to vegan cheetah does
anyone actually think I would send a
message to vegan Eva saying that she has
a c- body okay all right that that part
may seem believable why would I write to
her saying I hope you never get accepted
to any job or university it's really
kind of the opposite is that I hoped for
you know like gee Ava I hope I hope you
do get a real job hope you do get a real
education I'd be better for everyone
look guys most you are not stupid enough
to fall for this and there are comments
all over the internet from people who
are themselves not stupid enough to fall
for it anybody can create a fake account
on Facebook and anyone can create a fake
screenshot without even opening an
account it is not hard to do um it's
really kind of pathetic if you look at
the number of views on my channel
they're just a few thousand here and
there
I have no delusion that I'm a famous or
important person but the tiny degree of
micro Fame that I have within veganism
means that people do indeed create these
sorts of malicious lies above me so be
aware and I don't know you know the
truth is the few people who are taking
this seriously it isn't just the fact
that they are not stupid enough to fall
for a prank of this kind actually I
think each and every one of them has
interacted with my real Facebook account
in the past I have interacted with
durianrider as you guys know famously
from my real Facebook account you've
seen Facebook messages back and forth
you mean yeah I have interacted with
Charles the vegan cheetah for
substantial amount of time back and
forth through Facebook messages so all
those people could quite easily verify
whether or not they weren't looking at
my real facebook instead they chew
not to but I'll tell you something that
whole game the vegan drama game it is
played out you can look at the number of
use for video on Charles's channel you
can look at the number of use a video on
durian writers channel and guys at the
end of the day here on YouTube honesty
is the only currency we've got if you
don't know something real something
honest something meaningful something
personal to share come on maybe you're
going to get a few thousand bored
teenagers clicking on your video well
you try to make mountains out of mole
hills or as I once said to Josh Randall
the vegan Revolution try to make
snowballs without any snow and wrapping
up this video I just mentioned I have
reached out paws with all these people I
mentioned in the recent past even
somebody as despicable as vegan Ava I
openly asked if she wanted to talk to me
on skype or doctor by email or see legal
documents if she wanted to talk through
what the situation was offered to
address her concerns have been calling
concerns back when she was claiming the
court case is fake she now admits that
it's real as everyone else does a vegan
revolution who has you know been angrily
denouncing me for about two years he was
demanding and begging for a long time
but I do a podcast with him but when I
turned around and offered to appear in
his podcast he had no interest likewise
people like vegan Ava people like vegan
foot soldier last 48 hours I really made
an effort to say to foot soldier look if
you believe that the way to resolve
these problems is through positive
communication I am opening the door yet
again many many times with this guy of
said look I'm here to talk I'm here to
listen you know whatever did you want to
complain about whatever you want to ask
about and these people closed the door
on me when I open the door to them why
is that at the end of the day they just
do not have a lot to say when you take
away the malice and the lies all that's
left is an embarrassing and awkward
silence so yeah the year is 2017 and
this is the internet fake accounts on
Facebook exist fake accounts on YouTube
exist and for just a few thousand views
it's remarkable how much slander
defamation misinformation etc my fellow
vegans indulge in and indeed this is not
defamation directed against meat-eaters
it's defamation directed against people
who are sincerely interested in the
future of the vegan movement and
eventually over that horizon who knows
200 years from now
achieving something like a vegan world